HEROKU SITE: http://pacific-hamlet-9652.herokuapp.com/

For this homework, I recreated the google homepage. This was challenging on several different levels. Firstly, the google homepage source code was highly complex
and sifting through it, trying to figure out which divs did what and where the appropriate css was was very difficult. However, Chrome's RC->Inspect Element was
extremely useful in being able to find out the size of certain areas and appropriate colors. After that, it was fairly straightforward and somewhat similar to the
LinkedIn example in class, and my implementation was quite heavily based on that. The top bar was created in a very similar fashion to LinkedIn's top bar, with
some text links and some image links. It took me a while to figure out that I could set display: inline-block to make the full images show up.

The bottom bar was very very simple and took the least time to make out of all the parts (only text, google's implementation was simple). The middle of the page
was interesting in terms of trying to figure out the borders and dimensions of the different parts, but not too difficult.

PROJECT IDEAS:

Persistent group calendar site - can log in, create own calendar (which is stored between visits), create appointments on that calendar and edit those
appointments (similar to Google Calendar). Can also share calendar with other users (based on user name?) - each person's created appointments are differentiable
and edit-gated (only creator can edit their own appointments) - this can be useful for finding who's free when, letting a couple coordinate their schedules/know
what others are doing, for a teacher to organize office hours, etc.

Some sort of interactive game site...possibly chess - possibly internet version of correspondance chess, where you make a move, then wait for other player to
make a move, where moves aren't in real time (i.e. make a move, go do something else, recieve an email notification when your opponent makes his move perhaps
several hours later). Can invite a player by email or log-in? Can have parallel games going. Underlying it, there has to be the real chess game logic (no illegal
moves and stuff) - possibly also a move history (board states are distinctive links maybe?) that lets players analyze games - some sort of sharing afterwards for
a well played game?

Online messenger (similar to fb messenger) including group chat - has file sharing capabilities, persistent chat history, possibly ability to edit/delete past
messages, maybe some sort of notification when a message is sent - this might be too small in scope, if so, can link this to one of the other 2 projects